READ ONLYThis document will be used to gather as much necessary information possible regarding your background, and exactly what value you’re able to bring to the next organisation you join. Please provide us with as much information possible. Whilst we only need relevant information, if you’re unsure as to whether something is worth including or not, please simply include this, and we will ascertain if this should or shouldn’t be integrated in your CV. Notes: Numbers/stats/figures/budgets/team sizes/success metrics are what will make your CV competitive, no matter what your role is, it all comes back to success metrics. There may be several occasions where you’re not sure of the exact figures of your success metrics, but this doesn’t mean you should skip them out, an estimate is sufficient for your CV. Whenever providing financial based metrics, these should all be given in the currency of the location you’re searching in, even for roles that are based internationally. (eg $1m usd should be 3.7m AED).Don’t worry about adding too much information, we don’t need this to be as short as possible, the more information you can provide, the better.The purpose of this is to gather the information, please simply ensure the information is coherent, we will do the rest! You’re able to use your current CV to enter this information, but 99 times out of 100, we do not receive enough information on the initial CV to create a new effective CV, hence why we’re gathering the additional information.Provide us with information for all of your previous roles, don’t assume that because it’s an older experience that it doesn’t matter.Please see the example information on page 2.Below, you will find a sample of the information we’ll need from you, and the way in which to provide it. Please note, this has simply been given as sample text to give you an idea of what information we’re looking for, you should not think “my metrics/stats are completely different to this”, they should be! There is also no set length for the information we require, give us as much as you can.Again, there is no need for you to spend excessive time typing this out and trying to ensure you’ve said these things in a way that looks like it’s ready to go on the CV (as we are simply using this to collect intel on what we’re able to use to create your CV, this is NOT what we will be directly inputting into your final product). Please see the sample provided below.Sales Director - Amazon -  (April 2021 – now) - Dubai, UAELooked after a team of 3 business development managers and 5 customer success managers, indirectly managed 25 sales reps. Reported directly to the VP of sales.Targeted with bringing in 10m aed in new business and 5m aed via upselling existing customers. Managed x budget of 1m aed. Signed up 15 new clients over a 12 month period including Americana, DAMAC, and Nike. Enabled 11 promotions from x to x over a 4 year tenure. Changed x process which led to 50% increase in sales.Removed x inefficient process with led to 40% decrease in time wasted on x. Completely changed the way the team collaborated with x department which led to x.Joined the organisation as a senior business development manager and due to hitting x targets, I ended up receiving a promotion to sales director within 18 months. Please see page 3, where you’ll be able to provide us with all the information requested. PROVIDE YOUR INFORMATION HERE IN GREENINFO SET 1:Product Manager - Fortude, - October 2024 – January 2026 - Colombo, Sri Lanka  I was hired for my expertise in scaling from 0 to 1. This particular organization had 2 products (Fortest and Charlie) they were struggling to sell to their customers, so they wanted me to offer a different perspective. They gave me a goal of achieving SAR 7M in revenue as a new business revenue.  I was managing 2 products and multiple variants of the same product as the business has promised customized features to different clients. Implemented agile practices and aligned the features with industry trends. I was overseeing the development team, marketing team, and sales team, who were working on the products. This team size could be around 30 people, including the head of marketing.  Implemented 2 webinar campaigns targeted at different regions but specific type of companies and decision makers who were interested on the products we offered. Achieved creating a pipeline exceeding SAR 7M in new revenue with immediate sign-up worth of SAR 700K by the end of the webinar campaign, which we spent SAR 3.75K (1800% ROAS). This was not something achieved by the company before this. Created a blueprint to replicate the same effort for other products the company is building. Also, how to identify the GTM by providing multiple GTM strategies based on the type of product they want to build in the future. With the efforts put Fortest was positioned as the most affordable automated regression testing tool for Infor M3 ERP systems in Food & Beverage, Apparel, and LNG verticals, to expand to other verticals as well. Cleansed the Leads and identified how the cold leads can be tapped again for different product offerings we have, based on the business stage the leads were in. Created a marketing data room for regional teams to easily take the necessary data and information for their sales efforts, which streamlined the communication as well as increased follow-up rates Prepared the necessary content for sales, website, and promotional materials in English and regional languages to make sure we resonate with the targeted regions and decision makers. Hired regional business development representatives who could speak the targeted regions' languages to increase trust and acceptance. Managed the Charlie AI Answer Assistant, implemented a product strategy from focusing on accuracy to focusing on response clarity. This change resulted in implementing an agent to validate data credibility before sharing the response to the end user. This resulted in 75% increase in the usage among early adopters. Ideated and owned a roadmap to launch a standalone Insight assistant tool utilizing Charlie AI Answer Assistant architecture. This resulted in signing up a Toyota Sri Lanka to evaluate the services jobs they are completing. This also paved the way to automate their manual process with technological implementation. Presented product performance, roadmap progress, and growth strategy reports in CSO-level reviews and quarterly board presentations to support data-driven investment and go-to-market decisions.  Product Manager - Sling Mobility - June 2021 – May 2024 - Colombo, Sri Lanka I was hired as the first employee of this startup due to the way I bootstrapped my startup. Conducted extensive research to understand the electricity usage, fuel usage, bike wear and tears, vehicle elevation issues, and electronic parts troubleshooting and management. The objective was to create a viable business opportunity for electric bikes in Sri Lanka due to increasing fuel prices. I wore multiple hats, from technology specialist to operational specialist. Designed user-centric mobile app and web application UI. Initiated the development and structured a roadmap with agile practice at front. Led the end-to-end product strategy and business operation for B2B2C of the last-mile delivery component, as well as electric bike sales. Conducted user interviews to evaluate the designed UIs as well as sign up the riders as potential customers. Liaised with sister company in India to produce batteries, and sourced the bikes that would suit the Sri Lankan terrain and users. Designed the 1st Battery swapping cabinet of Sri Lanka with the help of one of the largest electrical product producers in Sri Lanka.  Prepared SOPs for last-mile service riders, bike servicing, and electronic unit services. Maintained a digital infrastructure to maintain records about each bike and hardware components included in them, with the routine service alert to service the bikes and motors. Implemented a lock and unlock system for the battery swapping cabinet to automatically identify the rider, discharged battery, and fully charged battery to enable the battery swapping within 15 seconds. Led the operational team as well to manage last-mile delivery riders, office space management, and service station maintenance. As the team scaled, I created product manuals for the bikes, battery, hardware devices, and battery swapping cabinets to make sure the ease of transition. Implemented a command centre to handle the overall company’s data and insights, starting from employee engagement to last-mile delivery ride routes. This resulted in optimizing the battery usage to expand the ride range from 60KM to 100KM with a single battery. To support this range expansion, utilized the data to identify new locations to place battery swapping stations. This also helps to maintain the battery condition and its charging cycle. Initial battery lifetime was considered to be 2 years, and later by implementing these optimizing it increased up to 4 years. Ideated and launched a feature to track the travel distance, battery voltage, and nearest battery swapping station to navigate riders to the nearest battery swapping station to swap the battery before the battery shuts off the power supply to the motor. This reduced 75% of roadside assistant requests, and increased rider trust with the system, and increased ride counts from 25 per day per rider to 62 per dayIdeated and implemented a revenue share-based battery swapping cabinets which can be placed in 10 roadside garages and validated low-income households.  This increased the market credibility of the brand and increased revenue by 30% Ideated and designed an anti-theft battery and system that could provide the company with a bit more control over the batteries. As we expanded to an energy-as-a-service model, these batteries were required to be turned off remotely based on the rider's subscription payments. Launched Sri Lanka’s 1st battery tokens for people to own tokens of the batteries, which enabled us to fund 100 of the new-gen batteries and later initiate revenue shares with the token holders. Implemented a rider incentive scheme to keep up the rider motivation, which resulted in 45% increase in the monthly revenue. Implemented a feature to roll forward the unused kilometres in the battery subscription package to the following month. As well as implemented peer-to-peer kilometres sale, which resulted in 17% increase in rider subscriptions. Ideated and structured a roadmap to implement a smart EV mobility system for one of the local universities to enable their graduates to travel from one end of the university to another.  Designed a new Mobile application UI and presented the same plan to the Maldivian government as well. Scaled the team from 1 to a 34-member organization that works on a revenue through technology approach. Presented product performance, roadmap progress, and growth strategy reports in CSO-level reviews and quarterly board presentations to support data-driven investment and go-to-market decisions.  I was directly reporting to the CEO and other board members of the organization for department-related queries. As well as managing all client, vendor, and partner communication. Product Lead - FieldR (Sports Data Analytics) - June 2019 – May 2025 - Colombo, Sri LankaThis was my final year research project, which was noticed by few Cricket Coaches validated the business case and gave me a letter of intent to use the application and requested me to pursue this. In 2021, I received pre-seed funding of SAR 20K to implement the solution. Later, I converted 75% of the active users to paid users. Co-founded and owned the product roadmap, strategy, and vision of Sri Lanka’s 1st Cricket Data Analytics SaaS platform. Designed the UI for the applications based on the feedback received through the coaches and scorers who are registered under Sri Lanka Cricket. Utilized A/B Testing techniques to validate the UIs and User Experience. Achieved early product success by launching and implementing a go-to-market strategy focused through schools and grassroots-level clubs. Expanded the user region from Sri Lanka to Australia during the year 2021. Signed up 2 clubs from Australia to use the fielding performance analysis component. Implemented a digital scoresheet system for everyday cricket players to record data and communicate with fellow players. This was the 2nd stream of revenue. Identified 30+ data points to be utilized to gather and visualize data for coaches and performance analysts. This was done by directly addressing the pain points of coaches and performance analysts in club-level cricket. Managed a team of 12 across development, marketing, and operations departments using agile practices. Project Manager - Motion Miracles - January 2021 – May 2021 - Colombo, Sri Lanka Functioned as the business operations lead while managing the ongoing projects as a project manager. Later had to wear the operations manager hat to manage the entire organization’s operations. Developed an overall financial tracking tool for the organization make it easier to communicate with the teams as well as the board of directors. Implemented and tracked KPIs for the creative teams across animation, game development, and services departments. Owned resource planning, financial analysis, and cost analysis to ensure efficient utilization of the resources. Launched 23 hyper-casual games through different game publishers during my tenure. This generated SAR 200K as new revenue. Consulted on the launch of a FinTech (BNPL) product. Created the project plan and tracked the activities while making sure the user research is conducted to make any feature-level changes for the application. Apart from that, I worked on the KYC process of this application.  Program Associate - GOOD LIFE X - August 2020 – December 2020 - Colombo, Sri LankaThis was a contract job for 4 months to manage an accelerator program. Managed 10 startups and founders who are building eco-friendly products in Sri Lanka.Implemented an OKR to track the progress of each startup with the accelerator objectives. Conducted a pitch competition pledge with financial benefits, and as training for the final demo day.  Implemented digital marketing strategies for startups to enhance their lead generation efforts. I was responsible for reviewing pitch decks and advising the founders on changes that had to be made to standardize the pitch deck. Project Manager - Win Authority Innovative - August 2018 – December 2019 – Wyoming, United StatesFunctioned as a Business Analyst as well as a Project Manager. Started as a freelance worker and then got a permanent remote role in the organization. Focused only on the project delivery of the web application projects. Drove the delivery of 8 SaaS/web projects in a startup environment while managing a team of 4 developers.Managed projects within timelines, budgets, and scope while ensuring client requirements were achieved.Supported business development efforts by pitching to potential clients and contributing to pricing and resource planning decisions.Project Manager – Intern – MillenniumIT ESP - July 2017 – July 2018 - Colombo, Sri LankaThis was my internship. I was managing a project that was SAR 1.5 M. This was the highest budgeted project handled by an intern within the organization up to the recent past. Managed a team of 4 developers from Sri Lanka and India. Identified discrepancies in the project and solved them with different strategiesPresented the project strategies, timelines, issues, and risks every week to the client-side stakeholders. Stationed at the client site to make sure the progress is rapid and mitigate risksTracked issues and tested in the UAT environment to speed up the testing phase of the solution. Presented the banking sector project updates to the banking sector Vice President every week. PROVIDE YOUR INFORMATION HERE IN GREENINFO SET 2:There are 1k+ people applying for the same roles as you - how do you feel you can stand out from these other applicants, sell your most valuable highlights in 5 bullet points.I launched Sri Lanka’s 1st cricket analytics platform targeting the schools and the grassroots level players and coaches.Launched Sri Lankan’s 1st 360-degree EV bike ecosystem with 3 charging stations, and mobile applicationsI have scaled startups from 0 to 1 by owning ambiguous roadmaps and solving different challenges each day by wearing different hats Structured a 7M SAR sales pipeline with immediate conversion worth of SAR 675K within the 6 months of my term at Fortude (Infor M3 ERP Products) by implementing a webinar campaign on LinkedIn with SAR 3.75K budget specifically targeting the regions we wanted to expand.I have experience in managing teams that develop AI products focused on Businesses and consumers Built an entire command centre for EV mobility operation to monitor vehicle movements, electrical issues, and network issues while capturing data and analyzing them on a daily basis to understand better about the users as well as the vehicles. PROVIDE YOUR INFORMATION HERE IN GREENINFO SET 3:When are you available? I’m unemployed now, hence I’m available immediately. What locations are you targeting (in order)?Riyadh, Jeddah (Anywhere in KSA as I have a Transferable Iqama), apart from that Doha, and Abu Dhabi. 
